Describe the confirmDelete option and refactor the guides (#49)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/TreeList/20 Editing/20 API/30 Delete.md

> Call the [deleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/deleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeList/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex') method to delete a specific row from the data source. This method invokes a confirmation dialog that allows a user to cancel deletion. The [confirmDelete](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/editing/confirmDelete.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#confirmDelete') option allows to hide this dialog, thus a row is instantly deleted from the data source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the [deleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/deleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeList/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex') method to delete a specific row from the data source. This method invokes a confirmation dialog that allows a user to cancel deletion. The [confirmDelete](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/editing/confirmDelete.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#confirmDelete') option allows you to hide this dialog instantly deleting the selected row from the data source:
```

                mode="row"
                :allow-deleting="true"
                :confirm-delete="false"
            />
        </DxTreeList>
        <DxButton
            text="Delete Row"
            @click="deleteRow"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    import { DxTreeList, DxEditing } from 'devextreme-vue/tree-list';

    import DxButton from 'devextreme-vue/button';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxTreeList, 
            DxEditing,
            DxButton
        },
        methods: {
            deleteRow() {
                this.$refs.treeList.instance.deleteRow(1);
            }
        },
        data() {}
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import { TreeList, Editing } from 'devextreme-react/tree-list';
    import Button from 'devextreme-react/button';

    class App extends React.Component {
        constructor(props) {
            super(props);

            this.treeListRef = React.createRef();
            this.deleteRow = this.deleteRow.bind(this);
        }
        get treeList() {
            return this.treeListRef.current.instance;
        }

        deleteRow() {

>             this.grid.instance.deleteRow(1);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            this.treeList.deleteRow(1);
```

        }

        render() {
            return (
                <TreeList  

>                     :ref="gridRef">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    ref={this.treeListRef}>
```

        ],
        // ...
    })

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxTreeList
            ref="treeList">
        </DxTreeList>
    </template>

    <script>
    import { DxTreeList } from 'devextreme-vue/tree-list';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxTreeList
        },
        methods: {
            undeleteRow() {
                this.$refs.treeList.instance.undeleteRow(1);
            }
        },
        data() {}
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import { TreeList } from 'devextreme-react/tree-list';

    class App extends React.Component {
        constructor(props) {
            super(props);

            this.treeListRef = React.createRef();
            this.undeleteRow = this.undeleteRow.bind(this);
        }
        get treeList() {
            return this.treeListRef.current.instance;
        }

        undeleteRow() {

>             this.grid.instance.undeleteRow(1);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            this.treeList.undeleteRow(1);
```

        }

        render() {
            return (
                <TreeList  

>                     :ref="gridRef"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    ref={this.treeListRef}
```
